Add dev guide amending code to handle new rulesets (#530)
DEFRA/sroc-charging-module-api: app/README.md

```javascript
class ViewTransactionChargeService {
  static async go (billRun, transactionId) {
    switch (billRun.ruleset) {
      case 'sroc':
        return ViewTransactionChargeSrocService.go(billRun, transactionId)
      case 'presroc':
        return ViewTransactionChargePresrocService.go(billRun, transactionId)
      default:
        throw Error('Unrecognised ruleset')
    }
  }
}
```

#### Ruleset services

With 2 ruleset based services we are now free to refactor as required. In our example the key difference will be which presenter is used to generate the response (see the [Translators and Presenters](#transalators-and-presenters) for details about the presenter refactoring).

```javascript
class ViewTransactionChargeSrocService {
  static async go (billRun, transactionId) {
    let transaction = await this._transaction(transactionId)

    return this._response(transaction)
  }

  static _transaction (transactionId) {
    return TransactionModel.query().findById(transactionId)
  }

  static _response (transaction) {

>     const presenter = new ViewTransactionChargeSrocPresenter(transaction) # <- This line!

Reviewer: I wonder if it would be better to have `# <- This line!` be a valid comment instead:
```suggestion
    const presenter = new ViewTransactionChargeSrocPresenter(transaction) // <- This line!
```

    return presenter.go()
  }
}

> # ...

Reviewer: Would it be a little clearer to end the first block and start a second one instead of dividing one block?

Author: Agreed and updated!

class ViewTransactionChargePresrocService {
  static async go (billRun, transactionId) {
    let transaction = await this._transaction(transactionId)

    return this._response(transaction)
  }

  static _transaction (transactionId) {
    return TransactionModel.query().findById(transactionId)
  }

  static _response (transaction) {
    const presenter = new ViewTransactionChargePresrocPresenter(transaction) # <- This line!

    return presenter.go()
  }
}
```

> Depending on the service and the changes needed between the rulesets it could more than this. The intentis that by creating these new services we have the flexibility to make them whilst still serving all requests through a single endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the service and the changes needed between the rulesets it could more than this. The intent is that by creating these new services we have the flexibility to make them whilst still serving all requests through a single endpoint.
```

Continuing our example we'll focus on presenters but refactoring of translators and presenters across rulesets will be the same.

The key difference from services is that there is no 'main' presenter. The determination of what the ruleset is and therefore which class types need to be used is made just once in the 'main' service. The ruleset services which just reference the ruleset presenters directly.

Imagine the `ViewTransactionChargePresenter` before refactoring looks like this.

```javascript
class ViewTransactionChargePresenter extends BasePresenter {
  _presentation (data) {
    return {
      id: data.id,
      billableDays: data.regimeValue4,
      abstractableDays: data.regimeValue5,
      volume: data.lineAttr5,
      source: data.regimeValue6,
      season: data.regimeValue7,
      loss: data.regimeValue8,
      secondPartCharge: data.regimeValue16,
      compensationCharge: data.regimeValue17,
      eiucSource: data.regimeValue13,
      waterUndertaker: data.regimeValue14,
      region: data.regimeValue15,
      s127Agreement: data.regimeValue12,
      s130Agreement: data.regimeValue9,
      abatementAdjustment: data.regimeValue11
    }
  }
}
```

> The existing presenter should be renamed using `git mv app/presenters/view_transaction_charge.presenter.js app/presenters/view_transaction_charge_presroc.presenter.js`. This should then be copied as `app/presenters/view_transaction_charge_sroc.presenter.js`. Finally, the new `ViewTransactionChargeSrocPresenter` should be updated based on whatever changes are needed for the new ruleset.

Reviewer: Might be a little clearer to put the rename command on its own line in a block? Also is there a specific reason for renaming with a git command vs renaming then adding?

Author: Agreed and updated!

Regards using `git mv` vs just doing it manually. That will work in most cases but you are depending on git being clever enough to figure out that is what happened. Using `git mv` makes the change explicit in your git history that this was a rename and not a file getting deleted and a new one added.

Reviewer: Ah I see! Yes that makes sense, thanks.
